at the goose colony it's high summer and
eggs are hatching the young all emerged
within a day or two a marvel of timing
the colony is now home to a million
Gosling's the Fox is still gathering
[Music]
one will have to do not all food is
stored some is needed right now
she has 700 tons to feed as their
appetite screw the mother must work
tirelessly to raise her family only fat
healthy Cubs will survive the Arctic
winter
[Applause]
[Music]
the vast majority of the Gosling's are
still flourishing their parents lead
them down to the safety of the water as
soon as they're strong enough to make
the journey for the foxes boon time has
come to an end but the mother has given
her Cubs the best possible start in life
the geese will continue grazing the
tundra until the summer ends and they're
forced to head south for the winter
[Music]